==Answers for Worksheet==

1. 1001 0011

2. 87

3. FF

4. 
	Bin		Dec
	1		1
	10		2
	100		4
	1000	8
	10000	16

5. A machine code that convert source code to machine code.

6. The code human types in.

7. The language that machine can be instructed directly, it's almost notated in binary system.

8. Machine language is a first generation language.

9. Assembly language, the language which replaced bites by short words, help people to comprehend and memorize the commands.

10. People could use more comprehensible terms to write codes, called "source code". The source code then go through the step "compilation" and "linkage" to carry out the final program. The final program is dependent on operating system.

11. Interpreter could interpret source code to machine language directly, no steps of compilation or linkage. 
Thanks to the ability to interpret source code directly, platform-specific interpreter assure source code could run on different platform perfectly.

12. According to the ranking by TIOBE ( https://www.tiobe.com/tiobe-index/ ), the most popular programming language is Java, and C, C++, Python are at second to fourth place, respectively.

13. I went to the job board in Stack Overflow, Developer Jobs, checked the top 5 results (No filter, no priority). Job titles and their programming language related requirements are showing below: 

	1. Python Engineer: Python
	2. Senior Python Software Engineer: Python, JavaScript
	3. Data Scientist Lead (m/f) for leading e-hailing app in Europe: SQL, R, Python, Spark, Scala
	4. Principal Data Scientist: Python, TensorFlow, R, SQL/NoSQL, AWS
	5. Manager, Product Engineering Team: Python

14. Syntax focuses on "Spelling", "Grammer"; Semantics focuses on "Meaning".

15. Gameboy.
	Hardware: CPU, RAM, cassette, screen, sound, battery... ( https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_Boy )
	Software: Saved in cassette, so that user could play various games in just one Gameboy. 

==Answers for Lab==

The only episode I watched was episode 3. Without subtitle, it's hard to fully understand the context. But I still got some point to share below :
	
1. User Interface
	Computers are powerful, but if you want them be popular, it should be easy-to-use. It's a tradeoff, for most people won't bring a box never seen home to confuse themselves. So you can see not only Apple, MS and Xerox as well were trying to improve the user interface, so the pointing device, "mouse"; the output device, what-you-see-is-what-you-print "laser printer"; and the graphical user interface, "GUI" were introduced. Jobs said "Picture rather than words", while graphical interface is common nowadays, what's rather than picture?
	
2. Good artist copy, great artist steal
	I had read this sentence several weeks ago, in a news introducing Steve Jobs, and today I heard the sentence from him in the video. It's an interesting saying, shouldn't be understood the sentence literally. To copy others work directly is banned by IP laws, but we may learn the concept or even spirit, and adapt them to our work. It's hard to create a totally new thing or concept, so don't miss the option to steal one.

3. Software
	More applications are more adventages, every people nowadays know it. But at that time in the video, it seemed only Bill Gates knew it. 

4. Mananger vs Researchers
	When Xerox notice the "paperless future", the researchers in the company was encouraged to find out the solution, and they invented modern PC. Combine WYSIWYP laser printer, mouse, and GUI, the new-concept computer was promising, but the manager couldn't realize the value of it in the future. It's frustrating, I know the feeling, and I know it's inevitable, only history sighs.
	